Claude for a list of all /commands supported
and a list of all parameters supported by /on
tell claude to make a document about all the variables in the irc object or IrcProxy (seem to be more or less the same thing, maybe they should be named the same)
test using a command prefix other than / for all the commands or look at how input is evaluated
ask Claude for a list of all files used in the project.
test font color, font face and size picker 
  if the 2D color range updates too slowly, ask claude to make the widget in C++ if that's possible in PySide6.
see if all options are available in the configuration dialogs.
make an example yaml config explaining variables and overrides
test persistance of widget slider locations
test background and foreground colors
test network server cycling
include information on burst vs sustained speed for various networks' flood protection in the example yaml. there's such information in the irc bouncer yaml.
test the treeview
test window title highlighting
test lots of things
test ident server - port 113 may be blocked by ISP - include notes on that that are included in the irc bouncer yaml.
test example plugin Claude said he made
test /exec
test /on
test storing channel keys into the yaml when you /join with one
test that all configuration options save to the yaml
ask how i can design the configuration dialogs in pyside6-designer
think of other triggers and other $variables we might want to support in /on than what we already have. and other /commands. once we get the lists to see.
test notice
test if actions show up well
and notices
test if ctrl+f opens the search.
test: make esc turn the window's status to "skipped" 
test ctrl+c quits the program. 
what's the difference between hh and HH? hh is 12-hour? what are DOW and MON?
what's the difference between ap and AP? just whether it shows it in caps or not?
test reload history into channels
test that /connect'ing to a server does the things it's supposed to do for that nework if the network name is the same as 'name' in the network config, like Libera.Chat
test red x in tabs that are disconnected
test that changing configuration options applies them right away. 
test 'save configuration as' confirms before overwrite if file exists
test future changes are saved to the new configuration file

should we have a menu option to load a different configuration file? and one to save to a different configuration file? well no, we'd need a way to save to a new file before saving configuration changes to the current file. no, have an option to copy the current configuration to a new file and start using that file, then we can change the configuration. 

why isn't it showing that i joined the channel when i join?
implement ctrl+up arrow puts the previously sent message back into the input field.

a channel window turned blue for no reason, if blue is the color for nick mention
 
#life couldn't joint channel need correct key

add notes in  config.example.yaml  in "irc bouncer" about ident not working to this config.example.yaml

I'm sure there's a better way than the current way of using signal to catch ctrl+c in the terminal and quit the program, because it used to display a traceback when I did that, just not quit. So if we just catch that exception, we can quit. Then claude made some changes, using signal, because i wanted it to quit with ctrl+c, and now it doesn't show any traceback, so we know he did something that affected that, which means that we do actually have access to change that point in code/flow. some of the versions under .\old\ show the KeyboardInterrupt.


